When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

   When I want to work with others or when I want to edit my repository from different devices.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Pulling changes manually can let me decide when to synchronize with remote repository and what branch to synchronize. 

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Cloning involves taking an existing repository and making one just like it. The original repository can be remote or you could clone a local repository 
	into another spot in your computer. That means clone works on any two repositories. Where as forking is only used withing the context of GitHub, it takes 
	an existing GitHub repositories and making a copy of it. Branches only happen in a single repository.
	When you want to develop you code based on somebody's work and work with other people or share with others, you can fork somebody's work without
	having to clone it to your computer, create a repository on the GitHub and set it as remote of your local repository.
	If you are working with others and have the authority to push your changes to some repository, then you can directly clone it.
	When you want to try some experimental work or fix some bug or just divide your work into different parts so you can switch the context, then use branches.	

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    If you know the state of the remote when you pull from it, you get better understanding of what has been changed since then both in locate and remote repositories. 
	You can push all the changes back after effciently handle the merge conflict.
	

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    To be honest, I haven't tried any system other than Git and GitHub. But I searched on line and find the conclusion below.
	Pros of Git: Fastest and most efficient/ GUIs actually good/ Popular
	Cons of Git: Command line overcomplicated and unintuitive before you spend sometime learning
	Pros of Mercurial: Intuitive/ Fairly popular
	Cons of Mercurial: GUIs a bit rough in places
	Pros of Bazaar: Very intuitive/ Built-in GUI good
	Cons of Bazaar: Not very popular/ Statistically the slowest

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Befoe I am sure the changes is acceptable for other collaborators and I don't want to have the risk breaking master, I will use a separate branch.
	The benefit of using a separate branch is you can try anything you want without changing the original master structure. 
	The benefit of making changes directly in master is fewer merging steps required.
